update CRA demo to reflect 0.36 updates and other feedback (#5474)
microsoft/FluidFramework: examples/apps/cra-demo/README.md

# @fluid-example/cra-demo
This is an experimental example of a completed integration between [`create-react-app`](https://create-react-app.dev/) and Fluid. Below you will find instructions to how to start from `create-react-app` and get to this completed state.

\* This demo is a work in progress. There will be rough sections that need refactoring or refinement

## Demo introduction

In this demo you will be doing the following:

1. Install Create-React-App with Typescript

> 2. Install Fluid and Fluid Data Objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install Fluid Package Dependencies
```

3. Import KVpair and Fluid Static
4. Initialize React component
5. Update the view
6. Run the app!

## 1. Use Create-React-App with Typescript

### Using NPM
```bash
npx create-react-app my-app-name --use-npm --template typescript
cd my-app-name
```

### Using Yarn
```bash
npx create-react-app my-app-name --template typescript
cd my-app-name
```

> ## 2. Install Fluid and Fluid Data Objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2. Install Fluid Package Dependencies
```

### Using NPM
```bash
npm install @fluid-experimental/fluid-static @fluid-experimental/data-objects @fluid-experimental/get-container
```

### Using Yarn
```bash
yarn add @fluid-experimental/fluid-static @fluid-experimental/data-objects @fluid-experimental/get-container
```

\* These are still experimental packages, and not ready for production

Lastly, open up the `App.tsx` file, as that will be the only file we need to edit.

## 3. Import Fluid and KeyValueDataObject

`Fluid` gives you access to methods to boostrap a new Fluid [container](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#container) and attach [DataObjects](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#dataobject) to it.

> `KeyValueDataObject` is a simple DataObject that we will attach to this app's container, and will give us an API to set and retrieve key value pairs from Fluid.

Author: ```suggestion
`KeyValueDataObject` is the DataObject that we will attach to this app's container, and will give us an API to set and retrieve key value pairs from Fluid.
```

```js
// App.tsx
import { Fluid } from "@fluid-experimental/fluid-static";
import { KeyValueDataObject } from "@fluid-experimental/data-objects";
import { TinyliciousService } from "@fluid-experimental/get-container";

```

### 3.a Create unique container IDs

> Fluid collaboration happens in [containers](https://fluidframework.com/docs/glossary/#container), which have unique identifiers (like a document filename). For this example we'll use the hash part of the URL as the identifier, and generate a new one if there isn't one present already. The `getContainerId` function will automate this for you.

Author: Big thanks to @LarsKemmann for the wording

```tsx
// below imports
const getContainerId = (): { containerId: string; isNew: boolean } => {
    let isNew = false;
    if (window.location.hash.length === 0) {
        isNew = true;
        window.location.hash = Date.now().toString();
    }
    const containerId = window.location.hash.substring(1);
    return { containerId, isNew };
};
```

## 4. Initialize React component

Before we can actually render our view we need to create our Fluid container and data objects. We can do this within the React lifecycle by using the React hooks, `useState` and `useEffect`.

`useState` provides storage that we can modify over the lifecycle of the component, and `useEffect` is a method that gets called as soon as the component renders, and any time state changes.

All of the code in step 4 will go before the `return` method.

### 4.a Create a place to store state

In this application we need a place to store the view's `data`, and a method to modify state each time our view should update. We will also need to store the `KeyValueDataObject` in state because it will only be created after we create the Fluid container.

```tsx
function App() {

>     const [data, setData] = React.useState<{ [key: string]: any }>({});

Author: yeah, i don't love this type. I almost want to export the data type out of KeyValueDataObject to make it super simple

>     const [data, setData] = React.useState<{ [key: string]: any }>({});

Author: the options are
```
{[key: string]: any}
Record<string, any>
KeyValueData // exported from data-objects
```
I think the last one is probably the best as it can change over time, and be more explicit than 'any'

>     const [data, setData] = React.useState<{ [key: string]: any }>({});

Author: ```ts
export interface KeyValueData {
    [key: string]: string | number | boolean | KeyValueData | KeyValueData[];
}
```
This might be good.

>     const [data, setData] = React.useState<{ [key: string]: any }>({});

Reviewer: @micahgodbolt, there is implicit type inferral. You can just do:

 `const [data, setData] = React.useState({});` which will have data of type {}.

Let's do `KeyValueData` type as a follow up change

>     const [dataObject, setDataObject] = React.useState<KeyValueDataObject>();

Author: it seems that TS infers this as KeyValueDataObject | undefined, maybe because I don't have a default value?

>     const [dataObject, setDataObject] = React.useState<KeyValueDataObject>();

Reviewer: You need to enable strong typing in the tsconfig otherwise typescript will infer objects can be undefined. I think this is fine because we are using the basic cra setup

`"strict": true,`

>     const [dataObject, setDataObject] = React.useState<KeyValueDataObject>();

Author: Yeah, that makes sense. My goal with this demo was to work within the environment that CRA w/ Typescript gave us.

    // render
};
```

Now that we have state, we need a way to update that state as soon as the component loads. That's where we turn to `useEffect`.

### 4.b Load container and subscribe to changes to Fluid data

React's `useEffect` is passed a function that fires as soon as the component loads and then fires again if any of its dependencies change (in our case the `dataObject` state variable).

Our `useEffect` will end up firing twice. The first time, on component load, it will either create or load the container and `dataObject` based on if this is a new "document" (no hash in URL) or existing "document" (has hash in URL) .

> > `TinyliciousService` is the service we are using to handle the Fluid data for this local demo. You'll use different services if you load your app in Azure, Teams or Sharepoint.

Reviewer 2: I usually use:

**Note:** this is important.

(Having visually different sections without semantic issues is one reason why docs sites are better than just markdown readmes IMO - but I digress)

> > `TinyliciousService` is the service we are using to handle the Fluid data for this local demo. You'll use different services if you load your app in Azure, Teams or Sharepoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `TinyliciousService` defines the schema for connecting to a locally deployed [tinylicious](https://www.npmjs.com/package/tinylicious) Fluid service. You'll use different provided services when connecting to production Fluid services.
```

> The second time `useEffect` fires, the `dataObject` will have been set, so we set up a listener to call `updateData` each time the `changed` event is fired. `UpdateData` will sync the view state with the necessary Fluid data. For this example, we're just pulling all of the Fluid data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second time `useEffect` fires, the `dataObject` will be set. Now that our KeyValuePairDataObject is loaded we can set up a listener to call `updateData` each time the `changed` event is fired. `updateData` will sync the view state with the necessary Fluid data. For this example, we are updated all of the Fluid data on any change.
```

```jsx
function App() {

>     const [data, setData] = React.useState<{ [key: string]: any }>({});

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    const [data, setData] = React.useState({});
```

Author: I tried this, and typescript infers this to be an empty object with no 'time' key 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1434956/110856226-39a31500-826c-11eb-9ec1-43e355d846be.png)

Author: I think the proper solution is https://github.com/microsoft/FluidFramework/issues/5494

    const [dataObject, setDataObject] = React.useState<KeyValueDataObject>();

    React.useEffect(() => {

>         if (dataObject !== undefined) {

Reviewer: Isn't this backwards?

```suggestion
        if (dataObject === undefined) {
```

Author: yeah, fixed it in one place, missed it here

        // First time: create/get the Fluid container, then create/get KeyValueDataObject
            const { containerId, isNew } = getContainerId();
            const load = async () => {
                const service = new TinyliciousService();
                const fluidContainer = isNew
                    ? await Fluid.createContainer(service, containerId, [KeyValueDataObject])
                    : await Fluid.getContainer(service, containerId, [KeyValueDataObject]);

                const keyValueDataObject: KeyValueDataObject = isNew
                    ? await fluidContainer.createDataObject(KeyValueDataObject, 'someUniqueId')
                    : await fluidContainer.getDataObject('someUniqueId');

                setDataObject(keyValueDataObject);
            }

            load();
        } else {
        // Second time: set our local state with a query from the KeyValueDataObject
            const updateData = () => setData(dataObject.query());
            updateData();
            dataObject.on("changed", updateData);
            return () => { dataObject.off("change", updateData) }
        }

    }, [dataObject]);

    // render
}
```

## 5. Update the view

> In this simple multi-user app, we are going to build a button that, when pressed, shows the current time stamp. We will store that timestamp in Fluid. This allows co-authors to automatically see the most recent timestamp at which any author pressed the button.

Author: never!

> In this simple multi-user app, we are going to build a button that, when pressed, shows the current time stamp. We will store that timestamp in Fluid. This allows co-authors to automatically see the most recent timestamp at which any author pressed the button.

Author: ```suggestion
In this simple multi-user app, we are going to build a button that, when pressed, shows the current timestamp. We will store that timestamp in Fluid. This allows co-authors to automatically see the most recent timestamp at which any author pressed the button.
```
